README.md, before:

# Frontend

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 15.2.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Jest](https://jestjs.io/).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/)

### Configuration:
--watch (true/false) runs cypress testing in headless mode if false else runs in Cypress app

## Running component test

Run `npm run ct` or `npx cypress open --component` to execute the cypress component tests in watch mode via [Cypress](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/component-testing/overview)

## Running lint test

Run `ng lint` or npm run lint to execute the lint testing via [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Added deployment to the readme

README.md, after:

# Frontend

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 15.2.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Jest](https://jestjs.io/).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/)

### Configuration:
--watch (true/false) runs cypress testing in headless mode if false else runs in Cypress app

## Running component test

Run `npm run ct` or `npx cypress open --component` to execute the cypress component tests in watch mode via [Cypress](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/component-testing/overview)

## Running lint test

Run `ng lint` or npm run lint to execute the lint testing via [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

## Deployment

Run `firebase deploy` to upload the latest snapshot to the firebase servers. Run `firebase hosting:channel:deploy` to create and deploy a preview channel.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
